# CovidTracker
Project was designed in order to help the society overcome the COVID-19 period. COVID-19 is a communicable disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus in early 2020 which causes respiratory disorders. We noticed that the majority of cases were reported through contact and decided to figure on something “contactless”!  Currently, most shops are employing a manual mode of registration which may be a cause for spread. The most threat of health authorities is to form a route map of an individual who is tested covid-19 positive. So, we are here with an alternate way in our proposed system. We are creating a system in which the temperature of an individual is being verified. If the measured temperature is normal, a QR code is going to be displayed on our system. The generated code is scanned by the customer through our web application which had already been signed in by the customer. The entry time of the customer alongside the shop details is being recorded to our database as soon since it is scanned. Similarly, the exit time is additionally being recorded because the customer confirms his exit via the button. Through this, if an individual is found positive it might be easier for the authorities to border his route map and thereby restricting its spread to an extent.Project was designed in order to help the society overcome the COVID-19 period. COVID-19 is a communicable disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus in early 2020 which causes respiratory disorders. We noticed that the majority of cases were reported through contact and decided to figure on something “contactless”!  Currently, most shops are employing a manual mode of registration which may be a cause for spread. The most threat of health authorities is to form a route map of an individual who is tested covid-19 positive. So, we are here with an alternate way in our proposed system. We are creating a system in which the temperature of an individual is being verified. If the measured temperature is normal, a QR code is going to be displayed on our system. The generated code is scanned by the customer through our web application which had already been signed in by the customer. The entry time of the customer alongside the shop details is being recorded to our database as soon since it is scanned. Similarly, the exit time is additionally being recorded because the customer confirms his exit via the button. Through this, if an individual is found positive it might be easier for the authorities to border his route map and thereby restricting its spread to an extent.
